---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T04:50:59.814Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T04:46:48.966Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-6d07c840-8cbf-4bf1-a45b-59e882140ee1.md
published: true
url: 6d07c840-8cbf-4bf1-a45b-59e882140ee1/index.html
_type: Article

---
### Curated by Accountants for Accountants

I decided to become an accountant because I wanted to help shape the future of small businesses in Australia (I was young, it's now the world!). I believed that it was an accountant's job to take their skills in analysing numbers and apply these in all areas of a business, to ensure the business ultimately kicks arse (in whatever shape that looked like to them).

So it's no surprise that I've become really frustrated at the current state of the industry. The education coming from our industry bodies and the so-called 'accountancy consultants' seems to be stuck in a 90's way-of-working. So I am looking at an opportunity to start making the accounting industry what it could and should be, and not what it currently is.

I want to be as excited as I once was. And I want others to be just as excited about being an accountant! We hold the cards, the knowledge and the ability to make an enormous difference in our clients lives. And that flows directly to the economy.

If you are reading this, chances are you are already in the progressive group. You search for constant improvement, you are passionate about what you do, you are looking to hire the cream of the crop, and you know looking back is for reflection purposes only. Let's capitalise on that.

This is my opportunity to give back to the accounting industry. I'll be going over what I've learned, mistakes I've made, what I've changed, and for those just starting out, what I'd do differently. Ultimately I would love to see us collaborating, challenging and pushing the accounting industry forward at lightning speed.

I've been working with Agus from PracticeIQ and together we are looking at delivering content that can get everyone in the industry excited. I don't mean talking articles; I mean the good stuff. The practical content to ensure our teams are as fired up, motivated and as knowledgeable as us.

So welcome to**_Curated by Accountants for Accountants._**A monthly wrap up where I'll be sharing a short summary of thought-provoking reads from our peers, not-to-be-missed events, podcasts worth listening to and anything else on the state of the Industry that's interesting.